Hi, everyone.
My name is David O'Brien, and welcome to my course, AWS
Systems Manager: Getting Started.
I am a cloud architect,
certified trainer, and director and founder of a cloud
consulting company called XIRUS.
I've been working in and around the major cloud providers almost since
their inception and have been enjoying teaching and enabling many
companies and individuals for the last 10 years.
AWS Systems Manager is still a bit of an underdog in the toolbox that is AWS,
but consists of a variety of very powerful services that cover many
areas of concern for a lot of companies. In this course,
we're going to introduce the AWS Systems Manager suite and how it can support
operations and development teams to be more productive on AWS.
Some of the major topics that we will cover include overview of
the most commonly used Systems Manager services, onboarding
workloads to each of these services,
solving day‑to‑day problems with AWS Systems Manager, and integrating
different Systems Manager services with each other.
By the end of this course,
you will know how to get started with the AWS Systems Manager suite and
be ready to onboard your first workload to it and reduce your own
workload by automating some of it through Systems Manager. Before
beginning the course, you should already be familiar with some of the
fundamental cloud concepts and, more specifically,
the AWS concepts like the EC2 and IAM services.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to learn AWS Systems Manager with the AWS Systems Manager: Getting Started course at Pluralsight.